Hi guys,
this is Max Tapper again from HowCast, and what we're gonna go through today is how to do a push up.
The reason we have to do this is because many people do it wrong.
So let me show you how it looks.
What I'll do first is show you the common mistakes that people do and one is gonna be sinking their
back into the floor.
All right.
So a lot of people will allow their self to sink down in their push up and end up here.
That's not right.
We need your body to be straight like a plank.
OK?
So leg straight out body level,
we're gonna bring our chest down to the floor.
And up,
slow and controlled, and up. In no position is my body ever gonna sink.
OK.
So this is the way to do a proper push up.
Now,
if you don't have enough upper body strength to do that with your leg straight,
you can put your knees down and that'll look like this.
Ok?
Now,
that altered type of push up is an awesome way for you to build up strength to then do the straight out push up.
there's many different applications to throw push ups in.
You could be on vacation to get a good workout.
You could be in the gym to get a good workout no matter what,
you have to do it correctly and make sure you don't injure yourself.
All right guys.
So get out there and be safe.